# 2018-IEEEDT-DPC
IEEE D&amp;T paper on DPC with Gaussian Processes.

# Author Info

*Design & Test* covers all aspects of the design and test of electronic
and solid state circuits and systems engineering, technology, and
applications. Articles must be relevant to practice, stressing
meaningful applications of principles to important problems. Case
studies should include enough detail so that readers can relate them to
their own situation.

Research Features should be written at a level of abstraction that will
be understandable to *Design & Test*'s broad readership. Best Practices
articles should clearly state the applicability of the concepts.
Perspectives should provide a stimulating commentary on a topic of
general interest to computing professionals.

## Writing Style ##

Today's readers need to grasp information quickly. Extremely long
articles presented in a passive writing style don't meet this need.
Authors should strive for active verbs and straightforward declarative
sentences, making every effort to help readers understand the concepts
presented. An article should be comprehensible to all *Design &
Test* readers, regardless of their specialty or research focus.

At least 15 percent of article length should be tutorial, describing the
principles or techniques of existing approaches and their advantages and
disadvantages. A brief literature survey does not satisfy this
requirement. Articles should have sufficient introductory material – a
minimum of one paragraph, and no more than five paragraphs. They should
also include a brief conclusion – ideally, one or two paragraphs – that
doesn't merely repeat the introduction or summarize the article but
reflects on lessons learned or points to the future.

Articles should be augmented with relevant tables, drawings, charts,
graphs, screen captures, or photographs. Text and any accompanying
illustrations that are tangential to the main thrust of the article
should be put into sidebars, which should contain at least 250 words.

Please note that accepted manuscripts will be edited, often extensively,
to convey the magazine's unique voice and to conform to our style.

## Manuscript Length ##

*Design & Test* is looking for succinct, practical, readable articles
that will appeal to experts and nonexperts alike.

Feature articles shouldn't exceed 5,000 words (minimum 4,500 words),
including text, bibliography, and author biographies. Columns shouldn't
exceed 2,500 words (minimum 1,500 words), including text, author
biographies, and table text. Each figure and table is counted, on
average, as 200 words. *Any article that exceeds these word counts may
be rejected automatically without going through the review
process.* Article titles shouldn't exceed nine words. This amounts to
about 4,000 words of text and a maximum of five small to medium figures.

## References ##

Feature articles should contain no more than 12 references (30 for
surveys) to other published works. Authors should include a References
section at the end of their manuscript, with citations listed in
numerical order following the sequence in which the works are cited in
the text. Sidebars can contain additional references; these shouldn't
duplicate any of the citations in the References section at the end of
the article. Columns in *Design & Test* don't have a References section;
a limited number of references may be included parenthetically in the
text. Important websites mentioned in all feature articles and columns
should be followed by the URL, in parentheses, upon first use. Each
reference must include the author's name, the full title of the work,
the publisher, the date of publication, and, in the case of articles or
chapters within a work, inclusive page numbers. *If page numbers aren't
available or the work cited hasn't been formally published, a URL must
be provided so that readers can access the work online.*

## Illustrations ##

All illustrations must be cited in the text, numbered sequentially, and
have captions that identify the subject and briefly describe what is
going on. Graphs should show only the coordinate axes (or at most the
major grid lines) to avoid dense, hard-to-read illustrations. Line
drawings should be clear so that our graphic artist can reproduce them
using the magazine's visual style. To minimize potential layout
problems, related figures described within the same section of text
should be grouped together when practicable and identified as parts (a),
(b), and so on.

*If your paper is accepted for publication,* to achieve the best print
quality, please submit a separate electronic image (rather than an
embedded or derivative version)—preferably in a graphic format such as
TIFF, EPS, or PS—for each figure we will be publishing with your
article. The figures we publish in Design & Test are usually at least 4
inches (24 picas) wide. If you send an image that is 4 inches wide, it
should be at least 1,000 pixels. Larger images should have a
proportionately larger number of pixels (multiply the inches by 270 to
get the approximate number of pixels).

If you're sending an image off the Web, it must be at least 4 inches
wide. If you're sending screen shots, they should be approximately 12
inches wide. To capture screen shots, use a large monitor set at its
highest resolution. Our production artist can reduce these images to 4
inches and process them to achieve the required resolution. If your
original images are smaller than 12 inches, using a large monitor set at
its highest resolution will help achieve a better screen shot. Please
don't use a format that compresses the file. We prefer not to use GIF or
JPEG images because they can be grainy or blurry in print.

## Biographical Sketch ##

Manuscripts accepted for publication should be accompanied by a brief
biographical sketch for each author. Biographical information should
include only the following information: Current title or position, up to
three research interests, highest academic degree, discipline in which
the degree was awarded, granting institution, membership in relevant
professional societies (such as the IEEE Circuits and Systems Society
and the ACM), and e-mail address.

## Copyright Form and Clearances ##

The author must secure all necessary copyright clearances. A completed
IEEE copyright form must be submitted before the article can be
published in *Design & Test*. All manuscripts submitted for publication
should be original. Manuscripts published or under consideration for
publication elsewhere won't be considered. Manuscripts published in
conference proceedings with limited circulation may be considered for
publication in *Design & Test* if they're exceptionally important or
contain substantial new results. For more copyright information and an
online copy of the form, please refer
to [IEEE.org](http://www.ieee.org/publications_standards/publications/rights/copyrightmain.html).

If you or your company would like to order bulk copies of the issue in
which your article will appear, please visit the IEEE reprints page for
prices and details.

## How to Submit ##

The IEEE *Design & Test* employs a secure, Web-based manuscript
submission and peer-review tracking system. Authors who wish to submit
to *Design & Test* must use ScholarOne Manuscripts to upload their
submissions to this all-electronic system. The first-time user must
create a new account. The site provides detailed instructions on usage.

**Submission Information**: Submit a Word, pdf, text, or PostScript
version of your submission to Manuscript
Central, <http://mc.manuscriptcentral.com/dandt>

ScholarOne Manuscripts is an efficient tool that significantly reduces
the time required for the peer-review process. More information can be
found in the *Design & Test*'s [Author
Center](https://mc.manuscriptcentral.com/dandt).

## Checklist for Accepted Manuscripts ##

Does your manuscript include:

-   No more than 5,000 words (minimum 4,500 words), including references
    and illustrations, for feature articles, and no more than 2,500
    words (minimum 1,500 words, including illustrations, for columns

-   Reproducible figures submitted as separate files

-   No more than 12 references (30 for surveys) (in-text references only
    for columns)

-   A biography of each author

-   A 100 word abstract

-   Keywords

-   A signed copyright form (only one signature required in the case of
    multiple authors)

-   Permission letters for reprinted material

-   Coordinating author's e-mail address, complete mailing address,
    phone and fax numbers

-   Mailing address for each coauthor


